Oh, what a surprise.
I was fortunate enough to attend the Temple of Heaven
Young Master's Jiwei Ceremony
Good son-in-law
Thanks so much to you hahaha
I didn't expect it either.
The Temple of Heaven will send an invitation letter to our Zhao family
maybe
It was the last time we were taught too badly by Elder Shen
Shen Lao feels sorry
Don't arrange it on top
It is. It is.
What happened last time must have been a misunderstanding
Our Zhao family is still a wealthy family after all
It's still a bit thin
That's right.
You guys will remember me today.
You must be cautious in your words and deeds
Never offend any adults again, Dad
Just watch.
After we attend today's ceremony
Zhao Ziqiang Zhao Dian is the previous Zhao family
You must perform well today
If you can get the favor of the young master of the temple that day
We will be ashamed
OK, go, go.
To attend a ceremony in a place like this
My life is worth it
Yes, son.
This is a big scene.
Whose ceremony is this?